hey guys welcome to our exciting episode
of the instant trailer rischio I'm Jimmy
I'm Ryan and today the anchorman 2
trailer has finally landed upon us it
has arrived it's it's come to save all
of us yeah and um Jimmy it's great to
see you thank you um it's Jimmy's first
day back after the attack attack from
your top you know I a little
trepidatious what we mean coming here
but but it's a happy day cuz anchorman 2
is here yeah yeah so if you're following
the fictional mythology of movie clips
office Jacob has disappeared literally
and Jimmy has been attacked by Krypton
in the TV news they wouldn't need you so
let's talk about right everybody's
coming back obviously Ryan the movie has
moved from San Diego to the Big Apple
Jimmy new york city AKA atlanta AKB shot
in Atlanta because of tax write-offs but
booming there they are back we know that
this movie takes place I think it takes
place somewhat in the it definitely just
play someone in the 80s I think it
appears that it's like late seventies
early yeah late seventies early I think
it turns into the 80s in the movie I
mean the outfits in this this scene are
unbelievable unbelievable we have what's
countin 1 2 3 afros in the shot this is
the first shot of people it's just great
it's gonna be I'm gonna do two things
again and we got a shot of to do peanut
has Baxter Baxter's back gotta have
Baxter he he went through also at an
attack by Jack Black yeah much like you
went through an attack from Krypton you
have a lot in home with Baxter AKA
peanut the dog already here and read the
news so looking so good already I mean
alright so they're using don't stop
believing by journey so that means that
this trailer costs at least 1.5 million
dollars to make
I want to always want to see what
barrier gate it's stringing that's
amiloride well it's it's based on a
miller lite yes it's a fine pilsner beer
there there you go well so yeah I just I
mean how do you feel about pilsner beer
to me so there's Megan good um there
appears to be begging good you may
recognize she's in a movie called brick
that's just fantastic um that's I mean
that I'll pull my Andrew and just say
the like the least famous movie she's in
oh but it really is a great movie um
there seems to be a romantic thing going
on with them in this movie um which begs
the question because christina applegate
shows up later in the trailer what
happens I don't know how this is it not
work any maybe he's undercover hey maybe
maybe that's what well I mean there's
our cover with whom I mean it could be
with like the Black Panthers maybe yeah
I took a stand guys I'm just saying any
hit play you know the racial the richest
this trailer is racially it does end
with a racially charged scene yeah
obviously it's very light but I mean
it's that show that joke works by the
way miss movie speaks or something and
we know Kristen Wiig is finished early
she's playing bricks wife yeah romantic
interest I think yeah didn't take be
married or something and I can only
imagine on a roll dude yeah I'm just
like comedic gold yeah she's like she
this was her last season on SNL I
believe now that was two years ago
really yeah a lot of people just left
that will also be in this movie that
yeah that's true um and she's just like
killing it killing it bridesmaids
brought her through the stratosphere my
friend yeah um this trailer a lot of it
i'm a big fan of it but it is like I
mean that's an appropriate that burgundy
or yeah these shots are is it's really
them just being like hey remember
everything you loved about the first
movie it's in the second movie too oh my
god is this amazing so here's Christina
Applegate out it what's going on these
guys just kill me oh my god Jimmy I
think you'd isn't it alright changing
Mars states losing I am losing cannot
save your cameo
my favorite a lot I can't wait to see
this movie my favorite cameo of the of
the trailer is James Marrs it's james
morrison he's an actor that I just adore
Jimmy I mean and looking at these Ken
doll handsome he is full-blown Ken doll
right um he's an awesome actor to such
like a good sense of humor he's a really
funny guy I knew this rock 30 rock is
amazing and it's great that a lot of 30
rock or some of the 30 rock concert and
returning I mean you just gotta say as a
cameo yeah and just naming people that
are rumored to kami on this movie i'll
be reading off of the list we got Nicole
Kidman Jim Carrey Jim Carrey sacha baron
cohen Drake or aka Jimmy from Degrassi
some people might know him Kirsten Dunst
we got tons of people tons of people so
I mean let's finish the list though
gonna Fey will smith james marsden there
he is Liam Neeson Amy Poehler john c
reilly kanye west harrison ford green
day uh and by the way i did not know
that there was a person in Green Day
name Trey cool yeah that's that's that's
been his name for everything and for me
one driver lewis hamilton Jimmy could
not believe I couldn't I can't believe
that Lewis Hamilton is you know he's
making his foray into acting let's see
Oscar I've heard early Oscar buzz on
this is clearly the fast track to Vaska
so he's a prince isn't that great it
really is just like here your greatest
hits from the first movie it's all gonna
be present and then some I just get it
oh yeah I reject agony this is the
racially-charged say you were talking
about like breaking down the barriers of
race by assimilation I don't know which
one of you convicts with the longest
misfits I cannot handle it so Jimmy how
do you feel that this compares already
little teasers oh ok so the tea now
which makes you laugh more I don't look
so little buttons a little bumper here
at the on also and also it has a yellow
brothers never seen I've never seen that
before my life check out the all here
and trailer in theaters for Z I the
first thing I said when I saw it well I
guess I'm seeing World War Z this
weekend well Jimmy Jimmy is tickled pink
with this try am and I know what it's
not that it's it's just it's great just
to kind of see finally what's happening
in the movie because evolved with all
the kind of announcement teaser
Zechariah those have those have been
great I mean those I'm honestly just
relieved to see that they actually shot
the movie yeah I know it's true I agree
with those teasers I was assuming that
perhaps they had not even begun yet well
I have to say this is gonna be a great
Christmas present for Jimmy oh I know
it's gonna be great I mean absolutely
few thickness is great Christmas Day why
is it great because critics out there
why is it great why is it great because
anchorman one is pure gold what's cool
and what's what's good okay first of all
cameraman mike is a cynic and does not
like the first increment I'll defend it
right now I'm right there with you as
well it it has Jimmy I was one of the
greatest assemblages of past and comedy
so what one might say assemblies it I
mean look you can look at any scene in
the movie and it's just it's just
brilliant the entire movies quotable has
been proven over the last nine years
yeah i mean like over the last ten years
it's like to what what came first the
quote or the anchorman it's exactly
right it's like a job father of comet it
really is you give me the 10 top top 10
quotes respect from the beginning of the
end the amount was denied a bank
the arsonist has oddly shaped feet uh
okay let's say we got to the whole intro
champine yeah I threw a try me I threw a
trident yeah i love lamp I Laflamme I
even afternoon delight singing that the
news team assemble
Oh sixty percent of the time it works
every time it's all gonna take Dorothy
Mantooth out on a nice seafood dinner
and never call back I mean we could go
on we will go this could be a 30 i mean
look we got a comment below with your
favorite poets from anchorman you got
some time now for one night let's not be
co-workers let's be co people so i think
we may have hit 10 minor what the hell
bro that's how I roll I mean kicks the
dog off of a bridge la policia I mean
it's all over the place Mike I don't
know if we I'm in a glass cage of
emotion sure exactly why we felt we
needed to prove to Mike that anchorman
is a good movie the world agrees with us
and I think the comments below agree us
when you say your favorite anchorman
quotes directed it Mike I mean oh my god
one of the best ones ever is uh mmm what
is very much well he gets that we're
gonna put a link in the description to
all the anchorman clips on our site and
you can watch them and Fred Willard Fred
Willard on the phone with his son Fred
Willard on the phone with a sign thing
just just put the gun down let the
people well i'm sure you've watched on
pornography oh you haven't sister
Clarence ok sorry thank you again
Jimmy's Michael pink and I lost I love
these movies I love these movies too
well I love the first one that I don't
know I've been I've seen the future good
I don't know what you think about the
anchorman 2 trailer and give your
favorite anchorman quotes in the
comments section that's the third time
I've said that so please do it lest I be
very hurt by you audience but one thing
i will say about this that i really do
like i like that they kind of pull them
back a little bit they didn't they
didn't throw all their cards on the
table and say oh I don't think we saw
the best part no I don't think I think
we saw honestly like the were the worst
parts of the movie and they still work
for me so take that for what it's worth
well there's no what you think comment
below so was a trailer I gave it a big
thumbs down but as a movie I give it a
big thumbs up I mean I get mostly out i
die i say i know you guys you know II he
know anyway I'm Ryan I'm Jimmy thank you
for watching
touch